X-Trace Apache module

 Rodrigo Fonseca
 
 This is still experimental. Not part of release. Not ready for use.
 Tested on: apache 2.2.9 on linux, 
            gcc version 4.3.1 20080708 (Red Hat 4.3.1-4) (GCC)
 


Todo:
Correcly handle case when X-Trace metadata is changed between start and end
 - Test with CGI, mod_perl, mod_php, mod_proxy
Add configuration parameters
 - per directory frequency of X-trace generation
 - whether to log or just add X-Trace metadata
 - url to see the X-Trace report, to be sent to client
 - size of X-Trace taskId generated (4, 8, 12, or 20 bytes)
 - size of X-Trace opId generated (4 or 8 bytes)
 - agent for logs

Compiling:
 - run ./autogen.sh to generate a Makefile and then run make.
 - Apache must be told to link against libstdc++. To do this, follow the
   instructions on this page:
     http://zach.chambana.net/apache-cplusplus/cplusplus/stdlib.html
 - To install the module use the following command:

     sudo apxs2 -i -n xtrace mod_xtrace.la && sudo make restart
   
   When you're running this for the first time, add a '-a' flag to the apxs2
   command. Also, you may have to restart the server several times (for some
   unkown reason).

Changes:

--------
Nov 9 2009
Fixed incorrect forward declaration of the xtrace module struct in
mod_xtrace.cpp

--------
Nov 6 2009
Remove autogenerated files from the repository and replace them with the
autogen.sh script

--------
Jul 16 2008
Tested with X-Trace metadata set by the browser.
Wrote logic to log a report when receiving request and sending response.
Fixed a bug in report generation with incoming edges when opId was > 4 bytes
Added a hook that adds X-Trace metadata to incoming requests, before they are processed, if not already present
-------
Jul 15 2008
Added a hook that adds X-Trace metadata to outgoing requests
Successfully compiled, linked, and ran C++ module using C++ X-Trace library

-------
Divide in two parts:
 stamp and record

Stamp: adds X-Trace metadata to the request if not already present
       adds X-Trace metadata to the response if accessibe to the module
       adds URL for viewing reports

Record: records at least in the input and output phases.

